Ruby profiler: Remove `google-protobuf` as needed dependency (#20091)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/profiler/enabling/ruby.md

1. If you are already using Datadog, upgrade your agent to version [7.20.2][2]+ or [6.20.2][3]+.

2. Add the `ddtrace` gem to your `Gemfile` or `gems.rb` file:

    ```ruby
    gem 'ddtrace', '~> 1.15'
    ```

>     (If you're running a version of `ddtrace` older than 1.15.0, you'll also need to add the `google-protobuf` gem as a dependency.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you're running a version of `ddtrace` older than 1.15.0, add the `google-protobuf` gem (version ~> 3) as a dependency.
```
Rephrased slightly and adding the version.

Author: (Sounds good -- I've tweaked it to say `~> 3.0` instead of `~> 3`)
